DCA11Y-3485 update readme (#39)
atlassian-forks/frontend-maven-plugin: README.md

Reviewer: That's probably also no longer up to date?

Author: I think so. @atl-mk, should I remove it?

Reviewer 2: We still support Java 8 on 1.5.4

Author: @atl-mk  I removed the date from the readme as it's not longer valid. I think we should update the page https://hello.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DCCore/pages/3989804253/When+can+I+stop+supporting+Java+8+11+entirely+in+DC

* [CLA for corporate contributors](https://opensource.atlassian.com/corporate)
* [CLA for individuals](https://opensource.atlassian.com/individual)

> ### Releasing & Versioning

Reviewer 2: Make this two separate sections

> Note: **Only Atlassians may release a new version**

> The fork's version tracks the upstream version with an `-atlassian-{version}` suffix (e.g. `1.15.1-atlassian-6`). Each new release increments the `{version}` part of the suffix.

Reviewer: Maybe we could mention that after sync with upstream the version counter should be reset back to 1.

> Releases are automated through Bamboo. To cut a new release, trigger the [FMP-FMPM release plan](https://ecosystem-bamboo.internal.atlassian.com/browse/FMP-FMPM).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To release a new version, run the [FMP-FMPM release plan](https://ecosystem-bamboo.internal.atlassian.com/browse/FMP-FMPM).
```

> Releases are automated through Bamboo. To cut a new release, trigger the [FMP-FMPM release plan](https://ecosystem-bamboo.internal.atlassian.com/browse/FMP-FMPM).

Reviewer 2: This is an open source repository. Please add back: "Only Atlassians may release a new version"

Author: I didn't remove it. It is there at the top
